Update the documentation about importing external certificates (#1598)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_importing-tls-certificates-to-che-server-java-truststore.adoc

> [id="importing-tls-certificates-to-{prod-id-short}-server-java-trustore_{context}"]

Reviewer: Can you also update the `id` and all `xref` statements pointing to this `id`?

Author: Done

= Importing external or additional TLS certificates to {prod-short}

Network communications between the components of a {prod-short} installation and the started workspaces, are all secured through the TLS protocol, and thus require the use of trusted certificate authorities. 

> In standard installations performed with the {prod-short} operator, the operator itself takes care of setting up and propagating the required TLS certificates, and no manual step should be necessary.

Reviewer 2: I would remove this sentence.

Author: Fixed

> But in some cases it can be necessary to add TLS certificates to the {prod-short} installation, and have them used as trusted certificate authorities by {prod-short}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some cases it can be necessary to add TLS certificates to the {prod-short} installation, so that every {prod-short} component will consider them as signed by a trusted CA.
```

Author: Fixed

Typical cases that may require this addition are:

> * when using some specific configuration of the underlying Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* when the underlying Kubernetes cluster uses TLS certificates signed by a CA that is not trusted,
```

Author: Fixed

> * to provide access to external secured services such as {identity-provider} or a Git server, from either the {prod-short} installation or the developer workspaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* when {prod-short} server or workspace components connect to external services such as {identity-provider} or a Git server that use TLS certificates signed by an untrusted CA.
```

Author: Fixed

----
--set global.tls.serverTrustStoreConfigMapName=$CERT_CONFIG_MAP_NAME
----
====
endif::[]

.Verification 

If you added the certificates without error, the {prod-short} server starts and obtains {identity-provider} configuration over HTTPS. Otherwise here is a list of things to verify: 

- In case of a {prod-short} link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/operators/olm-what-operators-are.html[Operator] deployment, the `CheCluster` attribute `serverTrustStoreConfigMapName` value matches the name of the ConfigMap. Get the value using the following command :
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes",options="nowrap",role=white-space-pre]
----
$ {orch-cli} get -o json checluster/{prod-checluster} -n __<{project-context}-namespace-name>__ | jq .spec.server.serverTrustStoreConfigMapName
----
+
- {prod-short} Pod Volumes list contains one Volume that uses the ConfigMap as data-source. To get the list of Volumes of the {prod-short} Pod:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes",options="nowrap",role=white-space-pre]
----
$ {orch-cli} get pod -o json __<{prod-id-short}-pod-name>__ -n __<{project-context}-namespace-name>__ | jq .spec.volumes
----
+

> - {prod-short} mounts certificates in folder `/public-certs/` of the {prod-short} server container. This command returns the list of files in that folder:

Reviewer 3: I think that checking /public-certs folder is not enough.
when `ca-certs` configmap is updated then k8s automatically refreshes `/public-certs`.
but those certificates won't be added to java trust store of the che-server and keycloak.
